- We're now going to start our code journey,
with Amazon S3 using Python.
And set up our project on script.
Now one thing that I want to note is that the script
is the most important part.
You don't need a full blown project but I'm going to
do that because it helps me stay organized.
And I tend to do this with all of my Python development.
Again if you just want to do the script,
you're totally fine doing that.
And we'll get to the point which the script is there.
But for now let's create our project.
So I'm going to start using PyCharm.
And I'm going to create a new project.
The project that I'm going to create is a Pure Python project.
I'm going to store this in the location where I keep code
on my system all the time.
It's in my code directory and I have one made
for this course.
So that's where I'm going to create it.
And I'm going to name this.
Pys3.
So this new project will be stored
in my local code directory, it's going to be called Pys3.
I'm going to open up my project interpreter.
I'm going to open up my base interpreter.
And I going to choose my Python 3 implementation on my machine.
I'm definitely going to use virtual environment
to do this work.
And I'm going to go ahead and create my project.
Try to compress all of that down.
Into a very quick operation of loading that.
There was one dialogue box that I closed,
go ahead and just completely trim showing that dialogue box.
When it was down here and it talked about adding files.
Just trim that section out.
But try to compress all of this.
All right so now that our project is up.
We're going to go ahead and open it up.
And I'm going to create a new Python file.
I'm going to name this file Pys3.
All right so let's go ahead and get our script ready.
We're going to start with a she-bang.
So pound, exclamation point, usr, env, Python 3.
So now we're going to put in a block comma here.
So pound, space, and then, dash, star, dash,
coding is utf8, dash, star, dash.
And now I'm going to put in a simple comment here.
A Python script for working with Amazon s3.
And I pretty much do this with everyone of my Python Scripts
just because I like the format that it does.
So we're going to do a def main function here.
Once again put a comment here that says: entry point.
I forgot my colon.
And then we're going to do if, underscore, name,
equals, equals, colon, underscore, underscore, main,
underscore, underscore.
So this will allow that script to execute.
And now the thing that's functioning,
we will simply call main.
I'm back up here in my main method,
I just want to do a print, hello world.
Just to keep things clean.
And that's all there is to setting up our Python script
that we will use for the rest of this chapter.